REFERENCES.md, before:

# References

Did you write a blog post, magazine article or do a podcast about or
mentioning OWASP Juice Shop? Add it to this file and open a PR! The same
goes for conference or meetup talks, workshops or trainings you did
where this project was mentioned or used!

> **Spoiler Warning!** :bulb: indicates resources that contain _hints
> for solving challenges_ of the OWASP Juice Shop. These are supposed to
> be helpful whenever you get stuck. :godmode: indicates resources that
> _spoiler entire challenge solutions_ so you might not want to view
> them before tackling these challenges yourself!

## Awards :trophy:

* [Heroku Button of the Month](https://hello.heroku.com/webmail/36622/679286305/8049a634b1a01b0aa75c0966325856dc9a463b7f1beeb6a2f32cbb30248b5bc6)
  in November 2017
  ([:camera:](https://twitter.com/owasp_juiceshop/status/930917114948587526))

## Web Links

* Blog posts on
  [DevelopSec - Developing Better Security](https://www.developsec.com/):
  * [Installing OWASP JuiceShop with Docker](https://www.developsec.com/2018/05/10/installing-owasp-juiceshop-with-docker/)
    ([Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftS8I7WeKtw))
  * [Installing OWASP JuiceShop with Heroku](https://www.developsec.com/2018/05/15/installing-owasp-juiceshop-with-heroku/)
    ([Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umrLbJkJRN0))
  * [https://www.developsec.com/2018/05/18/burp-extension-juice-shop-routes/](https://www.developsec.com/2018/05/10/installing-owasp-juiceshop-with-docker/)
    ([Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o628SfvwHp0)) :godmode:
* Blog posts on
  [Jason Haley - Ramblings from an Independent Consultant](http://www.jasonhaley.com/):
  * [How to Setup OWASP Juice Shop on Azure (Part 1 of 3)](http://www.jasonhaley.com/post/How-to-Setup-OWASP-Juice-Shop-on-Azure-%28Part-1-of-3%29)
  * [Setup OWASP Juice Shop in Web App for Containers (Part 2 of 3)](http://www.jasonhaley.com/post/Setup-OWASP-Juice-Shop-in-Web-App-for-Containers-%28Part-2-of-3%29)
  * [Setup OWASP Juice Shop in Azure Container Instances (Part 3 of 3)](http://www.jasonhaley.com/post/Setup-OWASP-Juice-Shop-in-Azure-Container-Instances-%28Part-3-of-3%29)
* Blog post on [Josh Grossman's blog](https://joshcgrossman.com):
  [Setting up an OWASP Juice Shop CTF](https://joshcgrossman.com/2018/03/15/setting-up-an-owasp-juice-shop-ctf/)
* Blog post on [Mozilla Hacks](https://hacks.mozilla.org):
  [Hands-On Web Security: Capture the Flag with OWASP Juice Shop](https://hacks.mozilla.org/2018/03/hands-on-web-security-capture-the-flag-with-owasp-juice-shop/)
* Blog post (:de:) on [heise Developer](https://www.heise.de/developer):
  [Sicherheits-Etikette: Security in der Softwareentwicklung](https://www.heise.de/developer/artikel/Sicherheits-Etikette-Security-in-der-Softwareentwicklung-3986402.html)
* Webcast recording on
  [Signal Sciences](https://vimeo.com/signalsciences):
  [Secure Development Lessons from Purposely Insecure Applications](https://vimeo.com/241965102/40f6b1778b)
* [7 Minute Security](https://7ms.us) Podcast:
  * Episode #282:
    [7MS #282: A Peek into the 7MS Mail Bag](https://7ms.us/7ms-282-a-peek-into-the-7ms-mail-bag/)
    ([Zencast](https://media.zencast.fm/7-minute-security-podcast-podcast/episodes/283))
  * Episode #234:
    [7MS #234: Pentesting OWASP Juice Shop - Part 5](https://7ms.us/7ms-234-pentesting-owasp-juice-shop-part5/)
    ([Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lGVAXCfFwv0)) :godmode:
  * Episode #233:
    [7MS #233: Pentesting OWASP Juice Shop - Part 4](https://7ms.us/7ms-233-pentesting-owasp-juice-shop-part-4/)
    ([Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hhd9EwX7h0)) :godmode:
  * Episode #232:
    [7MS #232: Pentesting OWASP Juice Shop - Part 3](https://7ms.us/7ms-232-pentesting-owasp-juice-shop-part-3/)
    ([Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8iRF2d-YzE)) :godmode:
  * Episode #231:
    [7MS #231: Pentesting OWASP Juice Shop - Part 2](https://7ms.us/7ms-231-pentesting-owasp-juice-shop-part-2/)
    ([Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=523l4Pzhimc)) :godmode:
  * Episode #230:
    [7MS #230: Pentesting OWASP Juice Shop - Part 1](https://7ms.us/7ms-230-pentesting-owasp-juice-shop-part-1/)
    ([Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cz37iejTsH4)) :godmode:
  * Episode #229:
    [7MS #229: Intro to Docker for Pentesters](https://7ms.us/7ms-229-intro-to-docker-for-pentesters/)
    ([Youtube](https://youtu.be/WIpxvBpnylI?t=407))
* Video tutorial about automating web application security scans with
  [OWASP ZAP](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Zed_Attack_Proxy_Project)
  using Juice Shop as the tested app:
  [All you need is Zaproxy - Security Testing for WebApps Made Easy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQX84p9NhqY)
  * [Example integration as a Docker Compose script](https://github.com/Soluto/webdriverio-zap-proxy)
  * [Scan results of the example integration](https://jsfiddle.net/62aedL6n/)
* Blog Post on
  [Stuart Winter-Tear's Blog](https://stuartwintertear.net):
  [OWASP Juice Shop Vulnerable Webapp](https://stuartwintertear.net/owasp-juice-shop-vulnerable-webapp)
  ([Peerlyst cross-post](https://www.peerlyst.com/posts/owasp-juice-shop-vulnerable-webapp-stuart-winter-tear))
* Blog posts on [OWASP Summit 2017](https://owaspsummit.org):
  *  [Juice Shop v4.0.0 Live Releasen](https://owaspsummit.org/2017/06/15/Juice-Shop-Live-Release-v4.html)
  *  [Juice Shop's call to pre-summit action](https://owaspsummit.org/2017/05/27/Juice-Shops-call-to-pre-summit-action.html)
* Interview on [OWASP 24/7](https://soundcloud.com/owasp-podcast)
  Podcast:
  [Less than 10 Minutes Series: The Juice Shop Project](https://soundcloud.com/owasp-podcast/less-than-10-minutes-series-the-juice-shop-project)
* Vulnerable website collection on
  [Bonkers About Tech](https://www.bonkersabouttech.com):
  [40+ Intentionally Vulnerable Websites To (Legally) Practice Your Hacking Skills](https://www.bonkersabouttech.com/security/40-intentionally-vulnerable-websites-to-practice-your-hacking-skills/392)
* Hacking-session writeup on [Testhexen](http://testhexen.de):
  [Learning Application Security – Fun with the Juice Shop](http://testhexen.de/?p=117)
* Blog post (:myanmar:) on [LOL Security](http://location-href.com/):
  [Juice Shop Walkthrough](http://location-href.com/owasp-juice-shop-walkthroughs/)
  :godmode:
* Blog post on [IncognitJoe](https://incognitjoe.github.io/):
  [Hacking(and automating!) the OWASP Juice Shop](https://incognitjoe.github.io/hacking-the-juice-shop.html)
  :godmode:
  * [Automated solving script for the OWASP Juice Shop](https://github.com/incognitjoe/juice-shop-solver)
    written in Python as mentioned in above blog post :godmode:
* Guest post (:de:) on
  [Informatik Aktuell](http://www.informatik-aktuell.de/):
  [Juice Shop - Der kleine Saftladen für Sicherheitstrainings](http://www.informatik-aktuell.de/betrieb/sicherheit/juice-shop-der-kleine-saftladen-fuer-sicherheitstrainings.html)
* Guest post on [The official Sauce Labs Blog](http://sauceio.com/):
  [Proving that an application is as broken as intended](http://sauceio.com/index.php/2015/06/guest-post-proving-that-an-application-is-as-broken-as-intended/)
* Teaser post on [Björn Kimminich's Blog](http://kimminich.de):
  [Juice Shop](https://kimminich.wordpress.com/2015/06/15/juice-shop)

## Lectures and Trainings

* [Descargar aqui el taller OWASP Top 10 Hands On basado en OWASP Top 10 y Juice Shop](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B6zv033D1iK9eTJId2RhZkJFTlk?usp=sharing)
  (:es:) by Mateo Martinez, Gerardo Canedo and Maxiimiliano Alonzo,
  [OWASP Uruguay Chapter](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Uruguay)
* [Security in Web Applications](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B2KKdB7MPO7xTEwtWkkwTnl5VFk)
  by Timo Pagel, [Fachhochschule Kiel](https://www.fh-kiel.de)
* [Web Application Security Training](https://de.slideshare.net/BjrnKimminich/web-application-security-21684264)
  by Björn Kimminich

## Conference and Meetup Appearances

#### 2018

* [OWASP Juice Shop: Betreutes Hacken](https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/owasp-karlsruhe/events/251041169/)
  with
  [OWASP Stammtisch Karlsruhe](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Stammtisch_Karlsruhe),
  04.06.2018
* [Hacking Workshop - Twin Cities vs. OWASP Juice Shop](https://secure360.org/secure360-twin-cities/schedule/?conference=9826&date=20180517)
  with Björn Kimminich,
  [Secure360 Twin Cities](https://secure360.org/secure360-twin-cities/),
  17.05.2018
* [OWASP Juice Shop - The Ultimate Vulnerable WebApp](https://secure360.org/session/bjorn-kimminich-owasp-juice-shop-the-ultimate-vulnerable-webapp/?conference=9826&date=20180516)
  by Björn Kimminich,
  [Secure360 Twin Cities](https://secure360.org/secure360-twin-cities/),
  16.05.2018
* [OWASP MSP Chapter May Meeting](https://www.meetup.com/OWASP-MSP-Meetup/events/249940370/)
  with Björn Kimminich,
  [OWASP MSP Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/OWASP-MSP-Meetup/) St Paul,
  14.05.2018
* [OWASP Juice Shop - The next chapter ...](https://www.meetup.com/CyberHackathon/events/249606655/?eventId=249606655)
  with Jaan Janesmae,
  [CyberHackathon](https://www.meetup.com/CyberHackathon/) Tallinn,
  30.04.2018
* OWASP Juice Shop Introduction at
  [ChaosTreff Tallinn Weekly Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/ChaosTreff-Tallinn/events/249627780/)
  with Björn Kimminich,
  [ChaosTreff Tallinn](https://www.meetup.com/ChaosTreff-Tallinn/),
  26.04.2018
* [OWASP Juice Shop Intro and Getting Started](https://www.meetup.com/CyberHackathon/events/249359520/?eventId=249359520)
  with Jaan Janesmae,
  [CyberHackathon](https://www.meetup.com/CyberHackathon/) Tallinn,
  09.04.2018
* [Web Application Security: A Hands-on Testing Challenge](https://dojo.ministryoftesting.com/events/testbash-brighton-2018)
  by Dan Billing,
  [TestBash Brighton 2018](https://dojo.ministryoftesting.com/events/testbash-brighton-2018),
  15.03.2018
* [OWASP Top 10](https://appseccalifornia2018.sched.com/event/CuRs) by
  Andrew van der Stock,
  [OWASP AppSec California 2018](https://2018.appseccalifornia.org/),
  30.01.2018 ([Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXAztSpYpvE)
  :godmode: _starting 25:40_)

#### 2017

* [OWASP Juice Shop 5.x and beyond](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/German_OWASP_Day_2017#Programm)
  by Björn Kimminich,
  [German OWASP Day 2017](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/German_OWASP_Day_2017),
  14.11.2017
* [OWASP Juice Shop Introduction](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Bucharest_AppSec_Conference_2017#tab=Conference_talks)
  talk and
  [AppSec Bucharest vs. OWASP Juice Shop](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Bucharest_AppSec_Conference_2017#tab=Free_workshops)
  hacking workshop by Björn Kimminich,
  [OWASP Bucharest AppSec Conference 2017](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Bucharest_AppSec_Conference_2017),
  13.10.2017
* [2 Hour Hacking: Juice Shop](https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/OWASP-Los-Angeles/events/238321796/)
  by Timo Pagel,
  [OWASP Los Angeles](https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/OWASP-Los-Angeles/),
  10.10.2017
* [Hacking the OWASP Juice Shop](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/North_Sweden#2017-09-19_-_2017q3:_Hacking_the_OWASP_Juice_Shop)
  with Björn Kimminich,
  [OWASP North Sweden Chapter](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/North_Sweden),
  19.09.2017
* [OWASP Juice Shop Workshop](https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:6309257579876929537)
  with Björn Kimminich,
  [OWASP Stockholm Chapter](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Stockholm),
  18.09.2017
* Hacking session at
  [Angular Talk & Code](https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/Hamburg-AngularJS-Meetup/events/234414398/)
  with Björn Kimminich,
  [Angular Meetup Hamburg](https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/Hamburg-AngularJS-Meetup/),
  13.09.2017
* Capture The Flag - Security Game by Benjamin Brunzel, Jöran Tesse,
  Rüdiger Heins & Sven Strittmatter,
  [solutions.hamburg](https://solutions.hamburg), 08.09.2017
* OWASP Juice Shop - Einmal quer durch den Security-Saftladen by Björn
  Kimminich, [solutions.hamburg](https://solutions.hamburg), 08.09.2017
* [Black Box Threat Modeling](https://www.peerlyst.com/posts/bsidestlv-2017-black-box-threat-modeling-avid)
  by Avi Douglen, [BSides Tel Aviv 2017](https://bsidestlv.com/),
  Underground Track, 28.06.2017
* [OWASP update](https://www.meetup.com/OWASP-Bristol/events/235736793)
  by Katy Anton,
  [OWASP Bristol (UK) Chapter](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Bristol),
  22.06.2017
* [Juice Shop](https://owaspsummit.org/Outcomes/Juice-Shop/Juce-Shop-Update.html)
  and related working sessions,
  [OWASP Summit 2017](https://owaspsummit.org), 12.-16.06.2017
* [Update on OWASP Projects & Conferences](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/London#Thursday.2C_18th_May_2017_.28Central_London.29)
  by Sam Stepanyan,
  [OWASP London Chapter](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/London#OWASP_London)
  Meeting, 18.05.2017
* [OWASP Juice Shop: Achieving sustainability for open source projects](https://appseceurope2017.sched.com/event/A66A/owasp-juice-shop-achieving-sustainability-for-open-source-projects),
  [AppSec Europe 2017](https://2017.appsec.eu) by Björn Kimminich,
  11.05.2017 ([Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOSdFnFAYNc))
* [OWASP Juice Shop: Stammtisch-Lightning-Update](http://lanyrd.com/2017/owasp-de/sfrdtq/)
  by Björn Kimminich,
  [27. OWASP Stammtisch Hamburg](http://lanyrd.com/2017/owasp-de/),
  25.04.2017
* [Juice Shop Hacking Session](https://www.xing.com/events/juice-shop-hacking-session-1771555)
  by Jens Hausherr,
  [Software-Test User Group Hamburg](https://www.xing.com/communities/groups/software-test-user-group-hamburg-1207-1002644),
  21.03.2017
* [Hands on = Juice Shop Hacking Session](http://lanyrd.com/2017/software-tester-group-hamburg-16032017/sfqcxq/)
  by Björn Kimminich,
  [Software Tester Group Hamburg (English-speaking)](http://lanyrd.com/2017/software-tester-group-hamburg-16032017),
  16.03.2017
* [Kurzvortrag: Hack the Juice Shop](https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/phpughh/events/235572004/)
  by Timo Pagel,
  [PHP-Usergroup Hamburg](https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/phpughh/),
  14.02.2017

#### 2016

* [Lightning Talk: What's new in OWASP Juice Shop](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/German_OWASP_Day_2016#Programm)
  by Björn Kimminich,
  [German OWASP Day 2016](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/German_OWASP_Day_2016/),
  29.11.2016
* [Gothenburg pwns the OWASP Juice Shop](https://owaspgbgday.se/bjorn-kimminich-gothenburg-pwns-the-owasp-juice-shop-workshop/)
  by Björn Kimminich,
  [OWASP Gothenburg Day 2016](https://owaspgbgday.se/), 24.11.2016
* [Hacking the OWASP Juice Shop](http://lanyrd.com/2016/owasp-nl/sffmpr/)
  by Björn Kimminich,
  [OWASP NL Chapter Meeting](http://lanyrd.com/2016/owasp-nl/),
  22.09.2016 ([Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62Mj0ZgZvXc),
  :godmode: _in last 10min_)
* [Hacking-Session für Developer (und Pentester)](https://www.kieler-linuxtage.de/index.php?seite=programm.html#226)
  by Timo Pagel,
  [Kieler Open Source und Linux Tage](https://www.kieler-linuxtage.de/index.php?seite=programm.html),
  16.09.2016
* [Security-Auditing aus der Cloud – Softwareentwicklung kontinuierlich auf dem Prüfstand](http://www.sea-con.de/seacon2016/konferenz/konferenzprogramm/vortrag/do-41-2/title/security-auditing-aus-der-cloud-softwareentwicklung-kontinuierlich-auf-dem-pruefstand.html)
  by Robert Seedorff & Benjamin Pfänder,
  [SeaCon 2016](http://www.sea-con.de/seacon2016), 12.05.2016
* [Hacking the Juice Shop ("So ein Saftladen!")](http://lanyrd.com/2016/javaland/sdtbph/)
  by Björn Kimminich, [JavaLand 2016](http://lanyrd.com/2016/javaland/),
  08.03.2016
* [Hacking the JuiceShop! ("Hackt den Saftladen!")](http://lanyrd.com/2016/nodehamburg/sdxtch/)
  by Björn Kimminich,
  [node.HH Meetup: Security!](http://lanyrd.com/2016/nodehamburg/),
  03.02.2016
* [OWASP Top 5 Web-Risiken](http://lanyrd.com/2016/nodehamburg/sdxtcg/)
  by Timo Pagel,
  [node.HH Meetup: Security!](http://lanyrd.com/2016/nodehamburg/),
  03.02.2016

#### 2015

* [Lightning Talk: Hacking the Juice Shop ("So ein Saftladen!")](http://lanyrd.com/2015/owasp-d2015/sdtzgg/)
  by Björn Kimminich,
  [German OWASP Day 2015](http://lanyrd.com/2015/owasp-d2015/),
  01.12.2015
* [Juice Shop - Hacking an intentionally insecure JavaScript Web Application](http://lanyrd.com/2015/jsunconf/sdmpzk/)
  by Björn Kimminich,
  [JS Unconf 2015](http://lanyrd.com/2015/jsunconf/), 25.04.2015
* [So ein Saftladen! - Hacking Session für Developer (und Pentester)](http://lanyrd.com/2015/owasp-de/sdhctr/)
  by Björn Kimminich,
  [17. OWASP Stammtisch Hamburg](http://lanyrd.com/2015/owasp-de/),
  27.01.2015

Commit message:

Update references with shout outs
(tagged with :mega:)

[ci skip]

REFERENCES.md, after:

# References

Did you write a blog post, magazine article or do a podcast about or
mentioning OWASP Juice Shop? Add it to this file and open a PR! The same
goes for conference or meetup talks, workshops or trainings you did
where this project was mentioned or used!

> :bulb: indicates resources that contain _hints for solving challenges_
> of the OWASP Juice Shop. These are supposed to be helpful whenever you
> get stuck. :godmode: indicates resources that _spoiler entire
> challenge solutions_ so you might not want to view them before
> tackling these challenges yourself! :mega: marks short friendly shout
> outs.

## Awards :trophy:

* [Heroku Button of the Month](https://hello.heroku.com/webmail/36622/679286305/8049a634b1a01b0aa75c0966325856dc9a463b7f1beeb6a2f32cbb30248b5bc6)
  in November 2017
  ([:camera:](https://twitter.com/owasp_juiceshop/status/930917114948587526))

## Web Links

* Blog posts on
  [DevelopSec - Developing Better Security](https://www.developsec.com/):
  * [Installing OWASP JuiceShop with Docker](https://www.developsec.com/2018/05/10/installing-owasp-juiceshop-with-docker/)
    ([Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftS8I7WeKtw))
  * [Installing OWASP JuiceShop with Heroku](https://www.developsec.com/2018/05/15/installing-owasp-juiceshop-with-heroku/)
    ([Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umrLbJkJRN0))
  * [https://www.developsec.com/2018/05/18/burp-extension-juice-shop-routes/](https://www.developsec.com/2018/05/10/installing-owasp-juiceshop-with-docker/)
    ([Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o628SfvwHp0)) :godmode:
* Blog posts on
  [Jason Haley - Ramblings from an Independent Consultant](http://www.jasonhaley.com/):
  * [How to Setup OWASP Juice Shop on Azure (Part 1 of 3)](http://www.jasonhaley.com/post/How-to-Setup-OWASP-Juice-Shop-on-Azure-%28Part-1-of-3%29)
  * [Setup OWASP Juice Shop in Web App for Containers (Part 2 of 3)](http://www.jasonhaley.com/post/Setup-OWASP-Juice-Shop-in-Web-App-for-Containers-%28Part-2-of-3%29)
  * [Setup OWASP Juice Shop in Azure Container Instances (Part 3 of 3)](http://www.jasonhaley.com/post/Setup-OWASP-Juice-Shop-in-Azure-Container-Instances-%28Part-3-of-3%29)
* Blog post on [Josh Grossman's blog](https://joshcgrossman.com):
  [Setting up an OWASP Juice Shop CTF](https://joshcgrossman.com/2018/03/15/setting-up-an-owasp-juice-shop-ctf/)
* Blog post on [Mozilla Hacks](https://hacks.mozilla.org):
  [Hands-On Web Security: Capture the Flag with OWASP Juice Shop](https://hacks.mozilla.org/2018/03/hands-on-web-security-capture-the-flag-with-owasp-juice-shop/)
* Blog post (:de:) on [heise Developer](https://www.heise.de/developer):
  [Sicherheits-Etikette: Security in der Softwareentwicklung](https://www.heise.de/developer/artikel/Sicherheits-Etikette-Security-in-der-Softwareentwicklung-3986402.html)
  :mega:
* Webcast recording on
  [Signal Sciences](https://vimeo.com/signalsciences):
  [Secure Development Lessons from Purposely Insecure Applications](https://vimeo.com/241965102/40f6b1778b)
* [7 Minute Security](https://7ms.us) Podcast:
  * Shout outs in various episodes: [#310](https://7ms.us/7ms-310/),
    [#309](https://7ms.us/7ms-309-password-cracking-in-the-cloud-part-2/),
    [#306](https://7ms.us/7ms-306-a-peek-into-the-7ms-mail-bag-part-2/)
    and [#282](https://7ms.us/7ms-282-a-peek-into-the-7ms-mail-bag/)
    :mega:
  * Episode #234:
    [7MS #234: Pentesting OWASP Juice Shop - Part 5](https://7ms.us/7ms-234-pentesting-owasp-juice-shop-part5/)
    ([Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lGVAXCfFwv0)) :godmode:
  * Episode #233:
    [7MS #233: Pentesting OWASP Juice Shop - Part 4](https://7ms.us/7ms-233-pentesting-owasp-juice-shop-part-4/)
    ([Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hhd9EwX7h0)) :godmode:
  * Episode #232:
    [7MS #232: Pentesting OWASP Juice Shop - Part 3](https://7ms.us/7ms-232-pentesting-owasp-juice-shop-part-3/)
    ([Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8iRF2d-YzE)) :godmode:
  * Episode #231:
    [7MS #231: Pentesting OWASP Juice Shop - Part 2](https://7ms.us/7ms-231-pentesting-owasp-juice-shop-part-2/)
    ([Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=523l4Pzhimc)) :godmode:
  * Episode #230:
    [7MS #230: Pentesting OWASP Juice Shop - Part 1](https://7ms.us/7ms-230-pentesting-owasp-juice-shop-part-1/)
    ([Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cz37iejTsH4)) :godmode:
  * Episode #229:
    [7MS #229: Intro to Docker for Pentesters](https://7ms.us/7ms-229-intro-to-docker-for-pentesters/)
    ([Youtube](https://youtu.be/WIpxvBpnylI?t=407))
* Video tutorial about automating web application security scans with
  [OWASP ZAP](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Zed_Attack_Proxy_Project)
  using Juice Shop as the tested app:
  [All you need is Zaproxy - Security Testing for WebApps Made Easy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQX84p9NhqY)
  * [Example integration as a Docker Compose script](https://github.com/Soluto/webdriverio-zap-proxy)
  * [Scan results of the example integration](https://jsfiddle.net/62aedL6n/)
* Blog Post on
  [Stuart Winter-Tear's Blog](https://stuartwintertear.net):
  [OWASP Juice Shop Vulnerable Webapp](https://stuartwintertear.net/owasp-juice-shop-vulnerable-webapp)
  ([Peerlyst cross-post](https://www.peerlyst.com/posts/owasp-juice-shop-vulnerable-webapp-stuart-winter-tear))
* Blog posts on [OWASP Summit 2017](https://owaspsummit.org):
  *  [Juice Shop v4.0.0 Live Release](https://owaspsummit.org/2017/06/15/Juice-Shop-Live-Release-v4.html)
  *  [Juice Shop's call to pre-summit action](https://owaspsummit.org/2017/05/27/Juice-Shops-call-to-pre-summit-action.html)
* Interview on [OWASP 24/7](https://soundcloud.com/owasp-podcast)
  Podcast:
  [Less than 10 Minutes Series: The Juice Shop Project](https://soundcloud.com/owasp-podcast/less-than-10-minutes-series-the-juice-shop-project)
* Vulnerable website collection on
  [Bonkers About Tech](https://www.bonkersabouttech.com):
  [40+ Intentionally Vulnerable Websites To (Legally) Practice Your Hacking Skills](https://www.bonkersabouttech.com/security/40-intentionally-vulnerable-websites-to-practice-your-hacking-skills/392)
* Hacking-session writeup on [Testhexen](http://testhexen.de):
  [Learning Application Security – Fun with the Juice Shop](http://testhexen.de/?p=117)
* Blog post (:myanmar:) on [LOL Security](http://location-href.com/):
  [Juice Shop Walkthrough](http://location-href.com/owasp-juice-shop-walkthroughs/)
  :godmode:
* Blog post on [IncognitJoe](https://incognitjoe.github.io/):
  [Hacking(and automating!) the OWASP Juice Shop](https://incognitjoe.github.io/hacking-the-juice-shop.html)
  :godmode:
  * [Automated solving script for the OWASP Juice Shop](https://github.com/incognitjoe/juice-shop-solver)
    written in Python as mentioned in above blog post :godmode:
* Guest post (:de:) on
  [Informatik Aktuell](http://www.informatik-aktuell.de/):
  [Juice Shop - Der kleine Saftladen für Sicherheitstrainings](http://www.informatik-aktuell.de/betrieb/sicherheit/juice-shop-der-kleine-saftladen-fuer-sicherheitstrainings.html)
* Guest post on [The official Sauce Labs Blog](http://sauceio.com/):
  [Proving that an application is as broken as intended](http://sauceio.com/index.php/2015/06/guest-post-proving-that-an-application-is-as-broken-as-intended/)
* Teaser post on [Björn Kimminich's Blog](http://kimminich.de):
  [Juice Shop](https://kimminich.wordpress.com/2015/06/15/juice-shop)

## Lectures and Trainings

* [Descargar aqui el taller OWASP Top 10 Hands On basado en OWASP Top 10 y Juice Shop](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B6zv033D1iK9eTJId2RhZkJFTlk?usp=sharing)
  (:es:) by Mateo Martinez, Gerardo Canedo and Maxiimiliano Alonzo,
  [OWASP Uruguay Chapter](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Uruguay)
* [Security in Web Applications](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B2KKdB7MPO7xTEwtWkkwTnl5VFk)
  by Timo Pagel, [Fachhochschule Kiel](https://www.fh-kiel.de)
* [Web Application Security Training](https://de.slideshare.net/BjrnKimminich/web-application-security-21684264)
  by Björn Kimminich

## Conference and Meetup Appearances

#### 2018

* [OWASP Juice Shop: Betreutes Hacken](https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/owasp-karlsruhe/events/251041169/)
  with
  [OWASP Stammtisch Karlsruhe](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Stammtisch_Karlsruhe),
  04.06.2018
* [Hacking Workshop - Twin Cities vs. OWASP Juice Shop](https://secure360.org/secure360-twin-cities/schedule/?conference=9826&date=20180517)
  with Björn Kimminich,
  [Secure360 Twin Cities](https://secure360.org/secure360-twin-cities/),
  17.05.2018
* [OWASP Juice Shop - The Ultimate Vulnerable WebApp](https://secure360.org/session/bjorn-kimminich-owasp-juice-shop-the-ultimate-vulnerable-webapp/?conference=9826&date=20180516)
  by Björn Kimminich,
  [Secure360 Twin Cities](https://secure360.org/secure360-twin-cities/),
  16.05.2018
* [OWASP MSP Chapter May Meeting](https://www.meetup.com/OWASP-MSP-Meetup/events/249940370/)
  with Björn Kimminich,
  [OWASP MSP Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/OWASP-MSP-Meetup/) St Paul,
  14.05.2018
* [OWASP Juice Shop - The next chapter ...](https://www.meetup.com/CyberHackathon/events/249606655/?eventId=249606655)
  with Jaan Janesmae,
  [CyberHackathon](https://www.meetup.com/CyberHackathon/) Tallinn,
  30.04.2018
* OWASP Juice Shop Introduction at
  [ChaosTreff Tallinn Weekly Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/ChaosTreff-Tallinn/events/249627780/)
  with Björn Kimminich,
  [ChaosTreff Tallinn](https://www.meetup.com/ChaosTreff-Tallinn/),
  26.04.2018
* [OWASP Juice Shop Intro and Getting Started](https://www.meetup.com/CyberHackathon/events/249359520/?eventId=249359520)
  with Jaan Janesmae,
  [CyberHackathon](https://www.meetup.com/CyberHackathon/) Tallinn,
  09.04.2018
* [Web Application Security: A Hands-on Testing Challenge](https://dojo.ministryoftesting.com/events/testbash-brighton-2018)
  by Dan Billing,
  [TestBash Brighton 2018](https://dojo.ministryoftesting.com/events/testbash-brighton-2018),
  15.03.2018
* [OWASP Top 10](https://appseccalifornia2018.sched.com/event/CuRs) by
  Andrew van der Stock,
  [OWASP AppSec California 2018](https://2018.appseccalifornia.org/),
  30.01.2018 ([Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXAztSpYpvE)
  :godmode: _starting 25:40_)

#### 2017

* [OWASP Juice Shop 5.x and beyond](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/German_OWASP_Day_2017#Programm)
  by Björn Kimminich,
  [German OWASP Day 2017](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/German_OWASP_Day_2017),
  14.11.2017
* [OWASP Juice Shop Introduction](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Bucharest_AppSec_Conference_2017#tab=Conference_talks)
  talk and
  [AppSec Bucharest vs. OWASP Juice Shop](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Bucharest_AppSec_Conference_2017#tab=Free_workshops)
  hacking workshop by Björn Kimminich,
  [OWASP Bucharest AppSec Conference 2017](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Bucharest_AppSec_Conference_2017),
  13.10.2017
* [2 Hour Hacking: Juice Shop](https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/OWASP-Los-Angeles/events/238321796/)
  by Timo Pagel,
  [OWASP Los Angeles](https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/OWASP-Los-Angeles/),
  10.10.2017
* [Hacking the OWASP Juice Shop](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/North_Sweden#2017-09-19_-_2017q3:_Hacking_the_OWASP_Juice_Shop)
  with Björn Kimminich,
  [OWASP North Sweden Chapter](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/North_Sweden),
  19.09.2017
* [OWASP Juice Shop Workshop](https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:6309257579876929537)
  with Björn Kimminich,
  [OWASP Stockholm Chapter](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Stockholm),
  18.09.2017
* Hacking session at
  [Angular Talk & Code](https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/Hamburg-AngularJS-Meetup/events/234414398/)
  with Björn Kimminich,
  [Angular Meetup Hamburg](https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/Hamburg-AngularJS-Meetup/),
  13.09.2017
* Capture The Flag - Security Game by Benjamin Brunzel, Jöran Tesse,
  Rüdiger Heins & Sven Strittmatter,
  [solutions.hamburg](https://solutions.hamburg), 08.09.2017
* OWASP Juice Shop - Einmal quer durch den Security-Saftladen by Björn
  Kimminich, [solutions.hamburg](https://solutions.hamburg), 08.09.2017
* [Black Box Threat Modeling](https://www.peerlyst.com/posts/bsidestlv-2017-black-box-threat-modeling-avid)
  by Avi Douglen, [BSides Tel Aviv 2017](https://bsidestlv.com/),
  Underground Track, 28.06.2017
* [OWASP update](https://www.meetup.com/OWASP-Bristol/events/235736793)
  by Katy Anton,
  [OWASP Bristol (UK) Chapter](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Bristol),
  22.06.2017
* [Juice Shop](https://owaspsummit.org/Outcomes/Juice-Shop/Juce-Shop-Update.html)
  and related working sessions,
  [OWASP Summit 2017](https://owaspsummit.org), 12.-16.06.2017
* [Update on OWASP Projects & Conferences](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/London#Thursday.2C_18th_May_2017_.28Central_London.29)
  by Sam Stepanyan,
  [OWASP London Chapter](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/London#OWASP_London)
  Meeting, 18.05.2017
* [OWASP Juice Shop: Achieving sustainability for open source projects](https://appseceurope2017.sched.com/event/A66A/owasp-juice-shop-achieving-sustainability-for-open-source-projects),
  [AppSec Europe 2017](https://2017.appsec.eu) by Björn Kimminich,
  11.05.2017 ([Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOSdFnFAYNc))
* [OWASP Juice Shop: Stammtisch-Lightning-Update](http://lanyrd.com/2017/owasp-de/sfrdtq/)
  by Björn Kimminich,
  [27. OWASP Stammtisch Hamburg](http://lanyrd.com/2017/owasp-de/),
  25.04.2017
* [Juice Shop Hacking Session](https://www.xing.com/events/juice-shop-hacking-session-1771555)
  by Jens Hausherr,
  [Software-Test User Group Hamburg](https://www.xing.com/communities/groups/software-test-user-group-hamburg-1207-1002644),
  21.03.2017
* [Hands on = Juice Shop Hacking Session](http://lanyrd.com/2017/software-tester-group-hamburg-16032017/sfqcxq/)
  by Björn Kimminich,
  [Software Tester Group Hamburg (English-speaking)](http://lanyrd.com/2017/software-tester-group-hamburg-16032017),
  16.03.2017
* [Kurzvortrag: Hack the Juice Shop](https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/phpughh/events/235572004/)
  by Timo Pagel,
  [PHP-Usergroup Hamburg](https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/phpughh/),
  14.02.2017

#### 2016

* [Lightning Talk: What's new in OWASP Juice Shop](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/German_OWASP_Day_2016#Programm)
  by Björn Kimminich,
  [German OWASP Day 2016](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/German_OWASP_Day_2016/),
  29.11.2016
* [Gothenburg pwns the OWASP Juice Shop](https://owaspgbgday.se/bjorn-kimminich-gothenburg-pwns-the-owasp-juice-shop-workshop/)
  by Björn Kimminich,
  [OWASP Gothenburg Day 2016](https://owaspgbgday.se/), 24.11.2016
* [Hacking the OWASP Juice Shop](http://lanyrd.com/2016/owasp-nl/sffmpr/)
  by Björn Kimminich,
  [OWASP NL Chapter Meeting](http://lanyrd.com/2016/owasp-nl/),
  22.09.2016 ([Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62Mj0ZgZvXc),
  :godmode: _in last 10min_)
* [Hacking-Session für Developer (und Pentester)](https://www.kieler-linuxtage.de/index.php?seite=programm.html#226)
  by Timo Pagel,
  [Kieler Open Source und Linux Tage](https://www.kieler-linuxtage.de/index.php?seite=programm.html),
  16.09.2016
* [Security-Auditing aus der Cloud – Softwareentwicklung kontinuierlich auf dem Prüfstand](http://www.sea-con.de/seacon2016/konferenz/konferenzprogramm/vortrag/do-41-2/title/security-auditing-aus-der-cloud-softwareentwicklung-kontinuierlich-auf-dem-pruefstand.html)
  by Robert Seedorff & Benjamin Pfänder,
  [SeaCon 2016](http://www.sea-con.de/seacon2016), 12.05.2016
* [Hacking the Juice Shop ("So ein Saftladen!")](http://lanyrd.com/2016/javaland/sdtbph/)
  by Björn Kimminich, [JavaLand 2016](http://lanyrd.com/2016/javaland/),
  08.03.2016
* [Hacking the JuiceShop! ("Hackt den Saftladen!")](http://lanyrd.com/2016/nodehamburg/sdxtch/)
  by Björn Kimminich,
  [node.HH Meetup: Security!](http://lanyrd.com/2016/nodehamburg/),
  03.02.2016
* [OWASP Top 5 Web-Risiken](http://lanyrd.com/2016/nodehamburg/sdxtcg/)
  by Timo Pagel,
  [node.HH Meetup: Security!](http://lanyrd.com/2016/nodehamburg/),
  03.02.2016

#### 2015

* [Lightning Talk: Hacking the Juice Shop ("So ein Saftladen!")](http://lanyrd.com/2015/owasp-d2015/sdtzgg/)
  by Björn Kimminich,
  [German OWASP Day 2015](http://lanyrd.com/2015/owasp-d2015/),
  01.12.2015
* [Juice Shop - Hacking an intentionally insecure JavaScript Web Application](http://lanyrd.com/2015/jsunconf/sdmpzk/)
  by Björn Kimminich,
  [JS Unconf 2015](http://lanyrd.com/2015/jsunconf/), 25.04.2015
* [So ein Saftladen! - Hacking Session für Developer (und Pentester)](http://lanyrd.com/2015/owasp-de/sdhctr/)
  by Björn Kimminich,
  [17. OWASP Stammtisch Hamburg](http://lanyrd.com/2015/owasp-de/),
  27.01.2015
